NARRATOR: Our heroes' journey
to the Snowbelle City Gym
continues, and they now find
themselves in a grassland
of immense proportions.
We've been walking for so long,
I'm totally exhausted!
ASH: Oh hang in
there, Clemont! Remember,
we might come across
some cool Pokémon!
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SERENA: You two sure have a
lot of energy.
BONNIE: Clemont?
You're gonna have to keep up.
Or you'll get left behind.
DEDENNE: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SQUISHY: [AFFIRMATIVE]
CLEMONT: Hey! You've taunted
me quite enough!
PYROAR: [ROAR]
PIKACHU: [SURPRISED]
SERENA: That sound!
What in the world was it?
PYROAR: [ROAR]
BONNIE: A Pokémon?!
DEDENNE: [EXCITED]
ASH: This way!
PIKACHU: [AWESTRUCK]
PYROAR FEMALE,
LITLEO X 3: [PLAYING]
PYROAR: [ROAR]
CLEMONT: It's a pride of Pyroar!
BONNIE: They're so cute!
PYROAR: [ROAR]
LITLEO: [SCARED]
LITLEO: [CURIOUS]
PYROAR: [DISMISSIVE]
LITLEO: [UPSET]
PYROAR: [ANGRY]
LITLEO: [DEFIANT]
PYROAR: [GROWL]
LITLEO: [SCARED]/[PLEADING]
LITLEO: [SURPRISED]/[HURT]
SERENA: I think
they're having a fight.
BONNIE: A fight? How come?
POKEDEX: Pyroar. The Royal
Pokémon. Pyroar's mane,
which is made of fire, becomes
larger when it gets excited.
PYROAR: [STERN]
PIKACHU: [AMAZED]
POKEDEX: Litleo. The Lion Cub
Pokémon. Litleo must leave
its pride and fend for itself
in order to grow up strong.
LITLEO: [SAD]
SERENA: I see. So Litleo's
about to leave its pride.
CLEMONT: I think we're watching
something quite profound.
BONNIE: Amazing!
LITLEO: [CALLING]/[STUMBLING]
PYROAR : [DISMISSIVE]
LITLEO: [DEFIANT]
PYROAR: [ADAMANT]
LITLEO: [TANTRUM]
BONNIE: Aw. It won't go.
SERENA: I wonder what's wrong?
LITLEO: [CRYING]
PYROAR: [FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
LITLEO: [SURPRISED]
LITLEO: [HURT]
BONNIE: Litleo!
DEDENNE: [CONCERNED]
LITLEO: [HURT]
PYROAR: [ANGRY]
CLEMONT: Oh no!
SERENA: But‐‐Ash, wait!
ASH: Stop, Pyroar!
I stand tall
'Cause I know I'm a winner
Knock me down
I'll just get up again
You've met your match
Yeah, I'm no beginner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
(I stand tall 'cause
I know I'm a winner)
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
ASH: You're being too rough,
Pyroar! What's the big deal?
Let it stay
a little longer!
PYROAR: [ANGRY]
SERENA: Ash! Just stay back!
CLEMONT: It's too dangerous!
ASH: I can't just stand
by and watch Litleo get hurt!
PYROAR:
[GROWL]/[FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
ASH: All right, Pikachu,
use Thunderbolt!
PIKACHU: [THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
LITLEO: [WHIMPERING]
LITLEO: [PLEADING]
LITLEO: [DEFEATED]
PIKACHU: [CONFUSED]
ASH: They're all gone
ASH: Litleo, you okay?
PIKACHU: [WORRIED]
LITLEO: [STRUGGLING]
ASH: Hey, settle down!
CLEMONT: Litleo! We're your
friends, not your enemies!
BONNIE: Uh oh It's hurt!
SERENA: Aw, you're right!
BONNIE:Clemont?!
CLEMONT: Right!
Let me treat that, okay
LITLEO: [STRUGGLING]/[BITING]
CLEMONT: Litleo! Please calm
down!
BONNIE: Clemont, no!
ASH: Are you okay?
LITLEO: [BITING]
CLEMONT: You're going
to be fine now.
LITLEO: [REALIZING]/[APOLOGETIC]
BONNIE: I think Litleo's sorry
CLEMONT: I think you're right.
LITLEO: [STOMACH GROWLING]
SERENA: Hold on! I've got
some Poké Puffs. Want one?
SERENA: Here!
LITLEO: [CURIOUS]
LITLEO:
[SAD]/[NEGATIVE RESPONSE]
SERENA: Wonder what's wrong.
I know it's hungry
BONNIE: Maybe
it's still in pain.
BONNIE: Wait, Litleo!
ASH: Bonnie!
ASH: I think it's
doing its best to
try and learn how
to be on its own.
BONNIE: And Litleo's hurt!
I'm worried, 'kay?
CLEMONT: I know! We could watch
over Litleo from a distance.
What do you think, Bonnie?
BONNIE: 'Kay!
JAMES: Did you see that?
JESSIE: What a scaredy‐Pokémon.
MEOWTH: Yeahbut it
evolves into a Pyroar.
JAMES: Correct. With strength
that's awesome and fearsome.
JESSIE: Really? That's
my kind of combination.
MEOWTH: Then there you go!
Team Rocket could use
a rough‐and‐toughie!
JAMES: You see?
MEOWTH: So let's grow our team
by one.
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
LITLEO: [SAD]/[SURPRISED]
LITLEO: [STUNNED]
PIKACHU: [CONCERNED]
ASH: Thinkit'll be okay?
LITLEO: [SNIFF]/[CURIOUS]
LITLEO: [HAPPY]
LITLEO: [HAPPY]/[CONFUSED]
LITLEO: [JUMPING]
LITLEO: [IMPACT GRUNT]
LITLEO: [FRUSTRATED]
JAMES: What a treat! Fishing
for Litleo is quite fun.
MEOWTH: Using berries
for bait is great!
JESSIE: Quit playing around!
Catch it and make it snappy!
JAMES: Or faster!
MEOWTH: Okay, let it take
a good chomp this time.
PYROAR: [GROWL]
JAMES: Talk
about procrastination
PYROAR: [GROWL]
JESSIE: Hurry up
and chow down on it already!
PYROAR: [GROWL]
MEOWTH: This's
getting good, so would
you be quiet?
Hey gang Don't look now Company
JAMES:
You'll scare it away!
JESSIE: Company?
PYROAR: [GROWL]
JESSIE: Relax! We're just
doing a little canyon fishing
JAMES: Jessie's right.
We've reeled in the
biggest catches you
‐can imagine thisway
‐MEOWTH: Hooray
LITLEO:
[HAPPY]/[CONFUSED]/[RESIGNED]
JESSIE: Talk
about a burning anger
JAMES: I've been charbroiled.
LITLEO: [PANTING]
LITLEO: [STARTLED]
LITLEO: [PANICKED YELLING]
LITLEO: [HURT]
PYROAR: [CONCERNED]
LITLEO: [EXERTION]
LITLEO: [SAD]
LITLEO: [SNIFF]
LITLEO: [CRYING]
LITLEO: [SURPRISED]/[CALLING]
LITLEO: [HOPEFUL]
LITLEO: [UNDERSTANDING]
LITLEO: [DETERMINED]
ASH: Litleo
ASH SERENA CLEMONT BONNIE:
"Who's that Pokémon?"
"It's Litleo!"
LITLEO: [DETERMINED]
SERENA: It's like a whole
different Litleo than before.
BONNIE: It's moving so fast!
CLEMONT: Wonder what happened
ASH: Let's go!
LITLEO: [JUMPING]/[STARTLED]
PIKACHU: [WORRIED]
LITLEO: [PANICKED YELLING]
SERENA: Oh no!
‐BONNIE: Ash, help!
‐ASH: Frogadier,
use your Frubbles!
FROGADIER: [EXERTION]
LITLEO: [IMPACT GRUNT]
LITLEO: [SURPRISED]
LITLEO: [JUMPING]
LITLEO: [RELIEVED]/[DETERMINED]
SERENA: Thank goodness
LITLEO: [DETERMINED]
CLEMONT: But Fire‐type
Pokémon don't like
‐water one bit!
‐BONNIE: Will it be okay?
LITLEO: [DETERMINED]
LITLEO: [STUMBLING]
LITLEO: [STRUGGLING]
ASH: This looks bad!
PIKACHU: [WORRIED]
BONNIE: Clemont!
CLEMONT: Quick, come on out,
Chespin!
CHESPIN: [APPEARING]
CLEMONT: Now pull
those vines into the river!
CHESPIN:
[VINE WHIP MOVE]
LITLEO:
[STRUGGLING]\[SURPRISED]
BONNIE: It worked!
ASH: All right!
CLEMONT: We made it
just in time.
Thank you. You did a
great job, Chespin.
CHESPIN: [PROUD]
PIKACHU: [SURPRISED]
ASH:
Hey, look up there!
ASH: Is that
BONNIE: The Pyroar we saw?
SERENA: I wonder if it's been
watching this the whole time.
CLEMONT: I'm sure that it has.
ASH: The Pyroar
LITLEO: [AMAZED]
LITLEO: [STRUGGLING]/[HAPPY]
LITLEO: [RUNNING]
LITLEO: [HAPPY]
CLEMONT: Of course! Litleo's
been looking for food!
He's being independent
that's why he's looking
for food on his own.
ASH: I see.
So that's why it wouldn't
eat Serena's Poké Puff!
CLEMONT: Ah, Litleo was heading
here to find berries so
it could recover its strength.
LITLEO: [SNIFF]
LITLEO: [EATING]
ASH: Do you think it knew that
Pyroar was keeping an eye on it?
CLEMONT: Yes. I think it did.
SERENA: So that's why
Litleo was trying so hard.
To reassure Pyroar.
BONNIE: Litleo's amazing.
PYROAR: [PROUD]
PYROAR: [SURPRISED]
LITLEO: [STARTLED]
PYROAR: [GROWL]
JESSIE: You may have caught
us with our guard down before,
but this is a brand‐new day!
JAMES: With our
Vavoomonite Mark IV!
MEOWTH: An old
design with new tricks!
PYROAR: [STRUGGLING]
ASH: Now what?!
LITLEO: [CALLING]
PYROAR: [STRUGGLING]
JESSIE: Come in. We insist!
MEOWTH: Yeah!
PYROAR: [STRUGGLING]
LITLEO: [WORRIED]
PYROAR: [RESISTING]
ASH: Hey! Stop it! Let
Pyroar go!
JESSIE: Seriously? Prepare for
trouble,
you'd think you would learn!
JAMES: Twerps don't appear
to have brain cells to burn
JESSIE: To protect the
world from devastation!
JAMES: To unite all
people within our nation!
JESSIE: To draw from the past,
but never ever look back!
JAMES: With Pyroar in tow,
what a punch we will pack!
JESSIE: Jessie!
JAMES: And James.
JESSIE:
Team Rocket blasts off
with a new burst of muscle!
JAMES: Surrender
now or get ready for
one terrible tussle!
MEOWTH: Meowth, I hustle!
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: Team Rocket!
Not you again!
JESSIE: Grab Pikachu,
too. Right away?
MEOWTH: With a grin!
PIKACHU: [IMPACT GRUNT]
LITLEO: [DEFIANT]
PYROAR: [ATTACK]
PYROAR: [CALLING]
LITLEO: [DETERMINED]
JESSIE: Now! Pikachu IN!
MEOWTH: With a grin
PIKACHU: [CONFUSED]/[STRUGGLING]
ASH: Hang on, Pikachu!
PIKACHU: [STRUGGLING]
JESSIE: Meowth,
we need more oomph!
MEOWTH: Vavoomonite's
going into hyper‐drive!
PIKACHU: [STRUGGLING]
JESSIE: All right!
Who DID that?!
LITLEO: [GROWL]/[DETERMINED]
ASH: It's Litleo!
PYROAR: [CONCERNED]
JAMES: Stop acting like Twerps!
LITLEO: [IMPACT GRUNT]
ASH: Litleo! Litleo, you
okay?!
PYROAR: [ANGRY]/[ROAR]
ASH: What was that?!
CLEMONT: That was Overheat!
MEOWTH:
Get ready for a treat!
JESSIE: All right, Vavoomonite
Mark IV, Mecha Evolve!
MEOWTH: Problem solved!
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
MEOWTH: Huzzah!
MEOWTH: What a maroon!
Mecha Overheat takes Pyroar's
powerand spits it back!
JAMES: Crispy, please
BONNIE: Pyroar, calm down!
ASH: Get back!
CLEMONT: It's too angry
to think!
PYROAR: [ROAR]
ASH: Frogadier! Use Water Pulse!
FROGADIER: [AFFIRMATIVE]
FROGADIER: [WATER PULSE MOVE]
FROGADIER: [SURPRISED]
ASH: No good! We've gotta calm
down Pyroar somehow and quick!
SERENA: How can we do that?!
PYROAR: [ROAR]
LITLEO: [SCARED]/[DETERMINED]
ASH: No, Litleo!
PIKACHU: [CALLING]
JESSIE: Isn't that sweet.
It loves having a hot time.
JAMES:
And we do mean hot!
JESSIE, JAMES:
Red‐hot hot!
LITLEO: [EFFORT GRUNT]
LITLEO: [STRUGGLING]
LITLEO: [DETERMINED]
JESSIE: How does that fuzzball
get a backbone?!
LITLEO: [DETERMINED]
ASH: But how?
SERENA: It just
keeps moving ahead!
CLEMONT: I know why!
It's trying to get to Pyroar!
BONNIE:
You can do it, Litleo!
PYROAR: [ROAR]
LITLEO: [PLEADING]
CLEMONT: Listen, Pyroar!
SERENA: Listen please!
ASH: Listen to Litleo's voice!
BONNIE: Please!
LITLEO: [ROAR]
PYROAR: [REALIZING]
LITLEO: [HAPPY]
PYROAR: [EXHAUSTED]
LITLEO: [WORRIED]
ASH: All right!
CLEMONT: Pyroar finally
listened to Litleo!
JESSIE: Oopsie‐daisy.
JAMES: At least!
MEOWTH: I don't feel so good
ASH: Frogadier!
Use Cut and slash
open that cage!
FROGADIER: [CUT MOVE]
LITLEO: [IMPACT
GRUNT]/[SURPRISED]
PYROAR: [PROUD]
LITLEO: [HAPPY]
ASH: Now, Pikachu! Use
Thunderbolt and wrap it up!
PIKACHU: [THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
LITLEO: [FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
PYROAR: [FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
JAMES: Some sun tan!
JESSIE: And without a beach!
MEOWTH: I burn easily
JESSIE, JAMES, MEOWTH:
We're blasting off again!
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: Litleo!
BONNIE: Litleo!
SERENA: You okay?
LITLEO: [AFFIRMATIVE]
PYROAR: [PROUD]
LITLEO: [HAPPY]
LITLEO: [DETERMINED]
SERENA: Wonderful!
CLEMONT: It looks like Litleo's
able to take care of itself now.
BONNIE:
They're both so happy!
CLEMONT: Goodbye!
Good luck, Litleo!
ASH: Take good care!
BONNIE: See you again!
PIKACHU: [FAREWELL]
DEDENNE: [FAREWELL]
LITLEO: [FAREWELL]
ASH: There's no doubt
that Litleo's gonna become
an awesome Pyroar someday
SERENA: I'm glad...
PYROAR: [ROAR]
NARRATOR: Like everyone, Litleo
will encounter obstacles
along the way, but now it will
surely overcome them.
After all, it has the strength
and power
to face troubles head on.
And so, with Litleo's spirit
in their hearts,
our heroes are off once again,
as the journey continues!